youtube hall and welcome
ninth country video
we start with the Czech
Energydrinks the beginning of course makes
one of the series bright 20 more
Caffeine also fits very well
I'm watching the constantin us series
and he plays well one right
good role
What irritates me a bit is up here
the little hint you have to look for
redgrave so red grape and oh yes
Here we see now twice as
as a small logo on it from the design
he is already different
some of the light drinks we have here
so know and then of course
now expects 20 percent more caffeine
he expects me somehow, too
believe 32 milligrams of caffeine on 100
milliliters 20 more, so we become 236
somewhere probably at 7 in total
then if I'm not right now
expected pi times thumb 39 kilos
caffeine grams kilo milligrams of caffeine
to 100 milliliters and we come exactly
at 38 4 so probably as well
me as it should be so we
have really raised this one here
caffeine content then I really have to
I thought this energy
Drinks are now 32 in Europe
milligrams sealed but apparently
apparently not here
exceptions then caffeine content demba ba 46
kilocalories to 100 milliliters
normal and the 250 milliliters
can of course from czech and without
Pfandsiegel should lay now was once going on
so great test yes smells like energy drink
but there is still something there
another energy drink plus something yes
ok to look forward to the color if we
this one already
call red grape if there is nothing now
red comes out okay let you
consistently fit so far holds
transparent minimal blistering
Okay, so is my mine too
my color requirements were sufficient
done now but the taste test
cheers she is so sweet so sweet but tasty
first impression sweet but delicious yes me
Say a reason gummi bear juice
for the energy drink is there but
I really do not know about that
whether I would call the red grape or
whether it is even remotely
but grape juice reminds any
artificial fruit aroma is still there with
in it
In any case, but I would not
as a combination of grape juice and
Energy drinks do not see this
overall taste you go but
absolutely okay a little bit sweet on
In the beginning you have to get used to it
then it does not burn a lot tingles
not much is pleasant to drink
yes, if you change your mind too much
his normal average
having energy drink gummy bears juices
Definitely worth a recommendation
is very gentle in the taste of what
other should that it should have been
Thanks for watching it makes it good
and bye video bye